README.md, before:

# SportsManagementUi

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Completed:

1. ~~Add route guard.~~
2. ~~Reset route if authState is signedOut~~
3. ~~Create service layer for:~~
   1. ~~api~~
   2. ~~auth~~
   3. ~~admin~~
      1. ~~games~~
         1. ~~get~~
         2. ~~post~~
         3. ~~put~~
         4. ~~delete~~
      2. ~~competitors~~
         1. ~~get~~
         2. ~~post~~
         3. ~~put~~
         4. ~~delete~~
   3. ~~event manager~~
      1. ~~events~~
         1. ~~get~~
         2. ~~post~~
         3. ~~put~~
         4. ~~delete~~
      2. ~~reports~~
         1. ~~get~~
         2. ~~post~~
         3. ~~put~~
         4. ~~delete~~
4. ~~Create Games component~~
5. ~~Create Competitors component~~
6. ~~Create Events component~~
7. ~~Create Report component~~
8. ~~Create Games module with routing~~
9. ~~Create Competitors module with routing~~
10. ~~Create Events module with routing~~
11. ~~Create Report module with routing~~
12. ~~Use lazy loading~~
13. ~~Add Forbidden page 403~~
14. ~~Add Page not found 404~~
15. ~~Added logo from https://www.olympic.org/~~

## NOTE

1. Temporarily disable auth guard
2. Cognito token might be the cause of routing error. Might use subscription/ observables in service

## To do

1. Persist user credentials using localStorage
2. Remove Create Account components' link
3. Set Sign In Buttons' width to 100%
4. Take a refresher course about RxJS, Subscriptions, Observables
5. Research about Webcomponents slots
6. Research about AWS Amplify Auth class for AmplifyUIAngularModule 
7. Create Games child components:
   1. AddGame component
   2. UpdateGame component
   3. GameDetails component
8. Create Competitors child components:
   1. AddCompetitor component
   2. UpdateCompetitor component
   3. CompetitorDetails component
9. Create Events child components:
   1. AddEvent component
   2. UpdateEvent component
   3. EvenDetails component
10. Create Reports child components:
    1. AddReport component
    2. UpdateReport component
    3. ReportDetails component

## To debug

1. Make role a subscription
2. Redirect to homepage is page is refresh
3. Remove home active link in router
4. Fix forbidden component load by adding isAuthenticating
5. ~~Fix 404 height~~
6. Use angular routing in child components
7. Fix authGuard direct routing access
8. Do I need a resolver for child routing? 
9. Child components not loading properly when using routerLink, is it because of lazy loading?


## Upcoming milestone

1. ~~Oct 3, 2020 - Created client shell~~
2. Oct 4, 2020 - Games child components created(AddGame, UpdateGame).
3. Oct 5, 2020 - Able to view all games in Games dashboard(GamesComponent).

Commit message:

child routes w/ games list preview

README.md, after:

# SportsManagementUi

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Completed:

1. ~~Add route guard.~~
2. ~~Reset route if authState is signedOut~~
3. ~~Create service layer for:~~
   1. ~~api~~
   2. ~~auth~~
   3. ~~admin~~
      1. ~~games~~
         1. ~~get~~
         2. ~~post~~
         3. ~~put~~
         4. ~~delete~~
      2. ~~competitors~~
         1. ~~get~~
         2. ~~post~~
         3. ~~put~~
         4. ~~delete~~
   3. ~~event manager~~
      1. ~~events~~
         1. ~~get~~
         2. ~~post~~
         3. ~~put~~
         4. ~~delete~~
      2. ~~reports~~
         1. ~~get~~
         2. ~~post~~
         3. ~~put~~
         4. ~~delete~~
4. ~~Create Games component~~
5. ~~Create Competitors component~~
6. ~~Create Events component~~
7. ~~Create Report component~~
8. ~~Create Games module with routing~~
9. ~~Create Competitors module with routing~~
10. ~~Create Events module with routing~~
11. ~~Create Report module with routing~~
12. ~~Use lazy loading~~
13. ~~Add Forbidden page 403~~
14. ~~Add Page not found 404~~
15. ~~Added logo from https://www.olympic.org/~~

## To do

0. Change role to BehaviorSubject fomr rxjs
1. Persist user credentials using localStorage
2. Remove Create Account components' link
3. Set Sign In Buttons' width to 100%
4. Take a refresher course about RxJS, Subscriptions, Observables
5. Research about Webcomponents slots
6. Research about AWS Amplify Auth class for AmplifyUIAngularModule 
7. Create Games child components:
   1. AddGame component
   2. UpdateGame component
   3. GameDetails component
8. Create Competitors child components:
   1. AddCompetitor component
   2. UpdateCompetitor component
   3. CompetitorDetails component
9. Create Events child components:
   1. AddEvent component
   2. UpdateEvent component
   3. EvenDetails component
10. Create Reports child components:
    1. AddReport component
    2. UpdateReport component
    3. ReportDetails component

## To debug

1. Make role a subscription
2. Remove home active link in router
3. Fix forbidden component load by adding isAuthenticating
4. Create AddGame Form


## Upcoming milestone

1. ~~Oct 3, 2020 - Created client shell~~
2. Oct 6, 2020 - AddGame Form


## Lesson learned

1. Wrap function call in ngZone when calling function outside of Angular
2. Fix warnings present in console.log.
3. If you are hacking instead of using the default framework way, then you must be doing something wrong.
